daily wasted thousands of
tons of food around the world
while millions of people suffer from
hungry for it came food not bombs
international movement that regained the
wasted food to give him in
streets
basically the reason is called food not
bombs is because they were protesting saying
that the tax money that is
pagans did not have to be spending on
fight wars and buy weapons that
all this being that people have
hungry then instead how it was
very good no advance baisley we are not going to
buy food and do not buy pumps
so now I've also sneaked a
little the approach we give you is
focused and that in Mexico they fight to the
war against drug trafficking is spent
in struggle this war against the
drug traffickers say that the
Drug addiction is the number one problem
of mexico when the health problem
number one old age with reality is the
obesity then we try to
provide healthy meals are by
fruits and vegetables are salads
fruits this we cook the vegetables
we did all these things are trying
also to teach people that is
healthy food
some of them have it in the trash
we are going away and picks up
people this helps us a lot is is
dedicating to the garbage additionally not
we have to do that because the people of
the treaties of camping the food them
you already know that we do this and
they shake hands
they tell me